#1
This summer I worked as an intern for Team Club Car at State Farm Insurance. Club Car is an agile team that works in a collaborative room rather than the more traditional cubicle setup. This open work environment encourages team members to work together and it also enables one of the most important characteristics of an agile environment: making work visible. This is accomplished primarily through team ceremonies including daily stand-up(s), retro, and sprint planning. During stand-up, team members give an update on the story, a small work assignment, they are working on. Retro allows the team to reflect on the previous sprint of work which then leads into a planning session for the next sprint. Sprint planning is when the team plans stories for the next spring. Sprints last one week and are contained in product increments which last eight sprints. All of these ceremonies involve communication which is another important aspect of the agile process. Frequent communication amongst team members is facilitated by the collaborative workspace. During this internship I learned how important asking questions and getting clarification from team members is when work needs to be completed within a weekly time constraint. I will be able to apply these communication skills in college during group projects and when communicating with my professors. 

#2
   The main focus of my internship at State Farm Insurance was to create a web application using Spring MVC. This allowed me to gain experience with basic web development languages including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I used HTML to create an outline for each of the views and gained experience using lists and different types of links and buttons. I also used divs and classes to simplify the styling process for similar sections. In the index view, I used JavaScript to show and hide each section of the resume. I used basic CSS to style the index view and the Bootstrap framework to style the blog view. It was especially helpful to use the Bootstrap framework in the blog view because styling the position, margin, border, and padding of each section individually would be very tedious. I also experimented with CSS animations and transitions. 
           The blog view differs from the index view in that it is dynamic. This means that the view doesn't only display content from an HTML file but also renders content that is referenced using JSP notation. This JSP code references the blog view's model which is an object created in the resume web application's controller. The controller handles HTTP requests and the switching of views. The model, view, and controller are the core components of Spring MVC.
